capital = 606
oob = CHI_warlord

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = ANC_jin_yunpeng
recruit_character = ANC_fu_liangzuo
recruit_character = ANC_ni_sichong
recruit_character = ANC_wu_guangxin
recruit_character = ANC_lu_yongxiang
recruit_character = ANC_he_fenglin
recruit_character = ANC_li_houji
recruit_character = ANC_tian_zhongyu
recruit_character = ANC_ding_jin
recruit_character = ANC_deng_yanda
recruit_character = ANC_zhu_chaoying
recruit_character = ANC_qin_dechun
recruit_character = ANC_ma_liang
recruit_character = ANC_ma_dengying
recruit_character = ANC_li_jincai
recruit_character = ANC_liu_yifei
recruit_character = ANC_jia_deyao
recruit_character = ANC_chen_wenyun
recruit_character = ANC_cheng_changfa
recruit_character = ANC_ma_lianjia
recruit_character = ANC_zhang_wenshang
recruit_character = ANC_zhang_shuyuan
recruit_character = ANC_wang_yongquan
recruit_character = ANC_lu_hongtao
recruit_character = ANC_chen_yi
recruit_character = ANC_zheng_junyan 
recruit_character = AHC_wang_tingzhen
recruit_character = AHC_wang_ruqin
recruit_character = ANC_gao_zaitian
recruit_character = ANC_chu_qixiang
recruit_character = ANC_jin_yune
recruit_character = ANC_li_jiapin
recruit_character = ANC_song_ziyang
recruit_character = ANC_wang_haoji
recruit_character = ANC_liu_deding
recruit_character = ANC_gao_shidu
recruit_character = ANC_mi_zhenbiao
recruit_character = ANC_baoding_military_academy
recruit_character = ANC_baoding_aviation_academy
recruit_character = ANC_nanking_naval_academy

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1910.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	fascism = 0
	communism = 0
	democratic = 0
	neutrality = 100
}

add_ideas = {
	isolation
	limited_exports
}

set_technology = {
	#infantry
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	#artillery
	gw_artillery = 1
	#doctrine
	ww1_landdoctrine = 1

	#engineering
	electrical_engineering = 1
	mechanical_engineering = 1
}
