capital = 48
oob = "BUL_1910"

set_research_slots = 2
set_stability = 0.62
set_war_support = 0.35
set_convoys = 5
add_manpower = 150000
starting_train_buffer = 2.0

#Tsars & Royalty
recruit_character = BUL_ferdinand_i
recruit_character = BUL_boris_iii
recruit_character = BUL_kiril_preslavski

#
recruit_character = BUL_grand_national_assembly
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_tsankov
recruit_character = BUL_dimitar_blagoev
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_radoslavov
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_stamboliyski
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_mushanov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_zhekov
recruit_character = BUL_kimon_georgiev
recruit_character = BUL_dmitry_dobrev
recruit_character = BUL_vicho_dikov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_kolev
recruit_character = BUL_rashko_serafimov
recruit_character = BUL_vladimir_vazov
recruit_character = BUL_todor_kantardzhiev
recruit_character = BUL_panteley_kiselov
recruit_character = BUL_kliment_boyadzhiev
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_kutinchev
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_vazov
recruit_character = BUL_stoyan_danev
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_evstratiev_geshov
recruit_character = BUL_stancho_dimitriev
recruit_character = BUL_george_vazov
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_malinov
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_zlatarov
recruit_character = BUL_radul_milkov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_ivanov

#Political Advisors
recruit_character = BUL_mikhail_madzharov
recruit_character = BUL_yosif_i
recruit_character = BUL_stefan_paprikov
recruit_character = BUL_dimitar_yablanski
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_peev_plachkov
recruit_character = BUL_atanas_burov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_burov
recruit_character = BUL_andrey_lyapchev
recruit_character = BUL_alexander_lyudskanov
recruit_character = BUL_alexander_protogerov
recruit_character = BUL_peyo_yavorov
recruit_character = BUL_yane_sandasnki
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_stoyanov

#Generals
recruit_character = BUL_dimitar_stancioff
recruit_character = BUL_racho_petrov
recruit_character = BUL_hristofor_hesapchiev 
recruit_character = BUL_mihail_savov
recruit_character = BUL_stiliyan_kovachev
recruit_character = BUL_dimitar_kirkov
recruit_character = BUL_yanko_draganov
recruit_character = BUL_stefan_toshev
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_todorov
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_delov
recruit_character = BUL_petar_markov
recruit_character = BUL_stoyan_zagorski
recruit_character = BUL_nikifor_nikiforov
recruit_character = BUL_prvan_prvanov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_genadiev
recruit_character = BUL_kalin_naydenov
recruit_character = BUL_hristo_rachev_popov
recruit_character = BUL_grigor_grancharov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_genev
recruit_character = BUL_dimitar_geshov
recruit_character = BUL_stefan_nerezov
recruit_character = BUL_pantelei_kiselov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_lukov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_fichev
recruit_character = BUL_radko_dimitriev
recruit_character = BUL_teodor_teodorov
recruit_character = BUL_danail_nikolaev
recruit_character = BUL_konstantin_zhostov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_salabashev

add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = SER
	modifier = BUL_SER_memories_of_1885
}

1910.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1908.5.25" 
		election_frequency = 60 
		elections_allowed = yes
	}	
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 0
		communism = 2
		democratic = 45
		neutrality = 53
	}

	add_ideas = {
		limited_conscription
		BUL_idea_national_assembly
		BUL_vmoro
		BUL_TUR_border_chaos
		BUL_idea_legacy_of_the_great_game
	}

	set_variable = { #sets the variable at game start
		var = BUL_army_attack #this is the variable for army_attack_factor = BUL_army_attack
		value = 0.05 #this will make the modifier have 3% attack
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_army_ws
		value = 0.05
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_army_org
		value = 0.05
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_army_recovery
		value = 0.05
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUl_army_xp
		value = 0.01
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_pb_attrition
		value = 0.0
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_army_ai_aggressive
		value = 0.3
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_prussia_training
		value = 1
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_slow_dock_building
		value = -0.15
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_core_attack
		value = 0.0
	}
	add_dynamic_modifier = { #adds the dynamic modifier ofc
		modifier = BUL_prussia_of_the_balkans
	}
	## PEASANTRY MODIFIER ##
	add_dynamic_modifier = {
		modifier = BUL_peasantry
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_soc_drift
		value = 0.01
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_dem_drift
		value = 0.01
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_peasants_fing
		value = 0.15
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_dumb_peasants
		value = -0.32
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_peasant_stab
		value = -0.1
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_peasant_consumer
		value = -0.05
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_peasant_pp
		value = -0.15
	}
	## Bulgarian Exarchate Modifier ##
	add_dynamic_modifier = {
		modifier = BUL_exarchate
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_church_authority_support
		value = 10
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_church_edu
		value = 0.05
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_church_stab
		value = 0.1
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_church_ws
		value = 0.05
	}

	## Agrarianism Modifier ##
	add_dynamic_modifier = {
		modifier = BUL_agrarian_economy
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_agr_stab
		value = -0.05
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_agr_build_speed
		value = -0.3
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_agr_production_effecieny
		value = -0.15
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_infra_speed
		value = -0.05
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_agr_factory_max
		value = -0.15
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_agr_bad_factories
		value = -0.25
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_agr_goud_factor
		value = 0.0
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_agr_army_eats
		value = 0.0
	}
	set_variable = {
	var = BUL_agr_local_factories
	value = -0.2
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_agr_war_horse
		value = 0.0
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_agr_attriton
		value = 0.0
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_local_resources_factor
		value = -0.5
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_railroad_speed
		value = -0.5
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_trade_opinion_factor
		value = -0.5
	}
	### MUFTI MODIFIER ###
	add_dynamic_modifier = {
		modifier = BUL_mufti_institution
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_mufti_stab
		value = -0.04
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_mufti_ws 
		value = -0.04
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_mufti_pp
		value = -0.05
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_mufti_compliance
		value = -0.1
	}

	add_timed_idea = {
		idea = BUL_ruse_blood_wedding_ordeal
		days = 1095
	}
	## National Assembly Stuff ##
	activate_advisor = BUL_aleksandar_malinov
	activate_advisor = BUL_ivan_salabashev
	activate_advisor = BUL_danail_nikolaev
	set_country_flag = BUL_malinov_1
	set_country_flag = BUL_democrat_gov
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_people_in_favor_of_law
		value = 0
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_max_seats
		value = 203
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_seats_needed_for_majority
		value = 102
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = bulcurrentseats
		value = 166
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = bul_dem_seats
		value = 166
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_people_party_seats
		value = 7
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_plp_seats
		value = 3
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_agrarianists_seats
		value = 19
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_liberal_seats
		value = 5
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_p_libs_seats
		value = 1
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_radical_dem_seats
		value = 0
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_young_lib_seats
		value = 0
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_narrow_socialist_seats
		value = 0
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_broad_socialist_seats
		value = 0
	}
	set_variable = {
		var = BUL_other_seats
		value = 2
	}
	
	## Events ##
	#Balkan league Start
	country_event = {
		id = ww1_balkan_league.1
		days = 514
	}
	country_event = {
		id = ww1_bulgaria.143
		days = 4
	}
	country_event = { 
		id = ww1_bulgaria.75
		days = 12
	}
	country_event = {
		id = ww1_bulgaria.85
		days = 309
	}
	country_event = {
		id = ww1_bulgaria.86
		days = 266
	}
	country_event = {
		id = ww1_bulgaria.90
		days = 350
	}
	news_event = {
		id = ww1_bulgaria.16
		days = 75
	}
	country_event = {
		id = ww1_bulgaria.73
		days = 123
	}
	country_event = {
		id = ww1_bulgaria.124
		days = 388
	}
	country_event = {
		id = ww1_bulgaria.145
		days = 570
	}
	country_event = {
		id = ww1_bulgaria.146
		days = 811
	}
	country_event = {
		id = ww1_bulgaria.148
		days = 851
	}
	news_event = {
		id = ww1_bulgaria.155
		days = 1876 
	}
	country_event = {
		id = ww1_bulgaria.173
		days = 1823
	}
	

	set_country_flag = BUL_rom_minority
	set_country_flag =  BUL_tur_minority
	set_country_flag = BUL_trade_AUS_dominance
	set_country_flag = BUL_great_game
	set_country_flag = BUL_mad_greeks
	set_country_flag = BUL_malinov_yes

	77 = {
		add_dynamic_modifier = {
				 modifier = BUL_turkish_minority
				 days = -1
			}
		add_dynamic_modifier = {
				modifier = BUL_romanian_minority
				days = -1
			}
	}
	211 = {
		add_dynamic_modifier = {
			 modifier = BUL_turkish_minority
			 days = -1
		}
		add_dynamic_modifier = {
			modifier = BUL_aggrivated_greeks
			days = 900
		}
	}
	212 = {
		add_dynamic_modifier = {
			 modifier = BUL_small_turk_minority
			 days = -1
		}
		add_dynamic_modifier = {
			modifier = BUL_aggrivated_greeks
			days = 900
		}
	}

	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		
		#doctrine
		ww1_landdoctrine = 1
		
		#navy
		transport = 1
		
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		basic_train = 1
        basic_railways = 1
		aircraft_engine = 1
   	    construction0 = 1
   	    powder_type_b = 1
        
	}
}	
1914.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1914.8.17" 
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	add_stability = -0.35
	add_war_support = 0.18
	
	set_country_flag = join_balkan_league
	set_country_flag = kis_secondbalkanwar_start
	set_country_flag = kis_secondbalkan_war
	
	retire_character = BUL_stancho_dimitriev
	
	complete_national_focus = BUL_new_balkan_power
	complete_national_focus = BUL_anti_ottoman_diplomacy
	# unlock_national_focus = BUL_treaty_of_friendship
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_confront_great_serbia
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_anti_ottoman_crusade
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_lozengradska_operacija
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_united_headquarters
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_great_battleplan_experience

	complete_national_focus = BUL_thieving_allies
	complete_national_focus = BUL_war_with_serbia
	complete_national_focus = BUL_first_national_catastrophe
	complete_national_focus = BUL_ferdinands_rule
	complete_national_focus = BUL_curbed_ambitions
	complete_national_focus = BUL_continue_militarisation
	complete_national_focus = BUL_military_stuff_reorganisation
	complete_national_focus = BUL_bulgarian_militarism
	complete_national_focus = BUL_doctrine_effort
	complete_national_focus = BUL_cavalry_tactics
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_urbanization_of_sofia
	complete_national_focus = BUL_agrarian_economy
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_expand_civilian_industry
	complete_national_focus = BUL_extensive_urbanisation
	complete_national_focus = BUL_land_distribution
	complete_national_focus = BUL_expand_the_BDZ
	complete_national_focus = BUL_burgas_airfields
	complete_national_focus = BUL_fighter_research
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_black_sea_presence
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_varna_port
	unlock_national_focus = BUL_mediterranean_sea_access

	add_ideas = {
		low_economic_mobilisation
		BUL_idea_first_national_catastrophe_2
		BUL_ruse_blood_wedding_ordeal
	}
	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		interwar_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		improved_infantry_weapons_2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		support_weapons2 = 1
		
		#electronics
		electrical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1

		#industry
		early_machine_tools = 1
		haber_process = 1
		standard_gauge_railway = 1
		stainless_steel = 1
		machine_tools2 = 1
		fortification1 = 1
		excavation1 = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
	}
	
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}

	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}

	set_naval_oob = "BUL_1910_naval_legacy"

	# Torpedo Gunboats #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nadezhda Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	# Torpedo Boats #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Drazki Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}

	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
        victorian_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        protected_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		improved_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}

	set_naval_oob = "BUL_1910_naval_mtg"

	# Torpedo Gunboats #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nadezhda Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = BUL_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	
	# Torpedo Boats #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Drazki Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = BUL_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}
