capital = 279
oob = "CHL_1910"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.21
set_convoys = 20
set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

recruit_character = CHL_pedro_montt
recruit_character = CHL_luis_emilio_recabarren
recruit_character = CHL_tancredo_pinochet
recruit_character = CHL_ventura_blanco_viel
recruit_character = CHL_elias_fernandez_albano
recruit_character = CHL_emiliano_figueroa
recruit_character = CHL_ramon_barros_luco
recruit_character = CHL_jose_luis_sanfuentes
recruit_character = CHL_javier_angel_figueroa
recruit_character = CHL_arturo_alessandri
recruit_character = CHL_alberto_edwards_vives

recruit_character = CHL_aristides_pinto_concha
recruit_character = CHL_jorge_boonen
recruit_character = CHL_juan_pablo_bennett
recruit_character = CHL_jose_maria_bari
recruit_character = CHL_guillermo_armstrong
recruit_character = CHL_luis_felipe_brieba
recruit_character = CHL_indalicio_tellez_carcamo
recruit_character = CHL_wilhelm_ekdahl_anglin
recruit_character = CHL_sofanor_parra_hermosilla
recruit_character = CHL_roberto_silva_renard
recruit_character = CHL_adolfo_holley
recruit_character = CHL_carlos_ibanez
recruit_character = CHL_vicente_palacios
recruit_character = CHL_elias_yanez
recruit_character = CHL_jose_de_la_cruz_salvo

recruit_character = CHL_jorge_montt
recruit_character = CHL_francisco_neff
recruit_character = CHL_luis_gomez_carreno
recruit_character = CHL_luis_alamos_barros
recruit_character = CHL_joaquin_munoz_hurtado
recruit_character = CHL_arturo_wilson_navarrete

recruit_character = CHL_agustin_edwards_mac_clure
recruit_character = CHL_marmaduke_grove
recruit_character = CHL_luis_barros_borgono
recruit_character = CHL_jose_luis_sanchez_besa
recruit_character = CHL_joaquin_edwards_bello
recruit_character = CHL_alberto_gonzalez_errazuriz
recruit_character = CHL_enrique_mac-iver_rodriguez

1910.1.1 = {
	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
			
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
			
		#engineering
		construction0 = 1
	}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1906.6.25"
		election_frequency = 60 
		elections_allowed = yes
	}	
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 5
		communism = 2
		democratic = 57
		neutrality = 36
	}
	add_ideas = {
		CHL_prussian_army
		CHL_Southamerican_dreadnought_race
		CHL_la_hacienda
	}
	add_timed_idea = {
		idea = CHL_remnants_of_the_valpo_earthquake
		days = 730
	}
}
1914.1.1 = {
	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = state_of_the_country_army
	complete_national_focus = modernize_equipment
	complete_national_focus = capital_manoeuvers
	complete_national_focus = planes_experiments
	complete_national_focus = naval_experience
	complete_national_focus = naval_expansion
	complete_national_focus = early_industrialization
	complete_national_focus = new_roads
	complete_national_focus = develop_capital
	complete_national_focus = capital_country_arsenal
	complete_national_focus = open_the_political_sphere

	retire_character = CHL_pedro_montt
	retire_character = CHL_elias_fernandez_albano
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1910.6.25"
		long_name = CHL_democratic_coalition_liberal_alliance_party_long
		name = CHL_democratic_coalition_liberal_alliance_party
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

	CHL_ramon_barros_luco = {
		add_country_leader_role = {
			promote_leader = yes
			country_leader={
				ideology=classical_liberalism
				traits={ old_figurehead  }
				
			}
		}
	}
	# add_ideas = {
	# 	CHL_prussian_army
	# 	#CHI_idea_inflation3
	# 	CHL_la_cuestion_social
	# 	CHL_republica_en_forma
	# 	CHL_century_crisis
	# 	CHL_Southamerican_dreadnought_race
	# 	CHL_la_fronda_aristocratica
	# 	CHL_la_hacienda
	# 	CHL_flagrant_consumism
	# }
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}

	set_naval_oob = "CHL_1910_naval_legacy"

	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
		basic_train = 1
        basic_railways = 1
    construction0 = 1
        powder_type_b = 1
		
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Chacabuco Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "O'Higgins Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ministro Zenteno Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Esmeralda Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Blanco Encalada Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Presidente Errázuriz Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Almirante Condell Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Almirante Lynch Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Jarpa Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Captain Orella Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		obsolete = yes
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}

	set_naval_oob = "CHL_1910_naval_mtg"

	set_technology = {	
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Chacabuco Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = CHL_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "O'Higgins Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = CHL_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ministro Zenteno Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = CHL_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Esmeralda Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = CHL_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Blanco Encalada Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = CHL_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Presidente Errázuriz Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = CHL_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Almirante Condell Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		#name_group = POR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Almirante Lynch Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		#name_group = POR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Jarpa Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		#name_group = POR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Captain Orella Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		#name_group = POR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
}	

