capital = 111

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.3
set_convoys = 30

set_cosmetic_tag = FIN_RUS

set_party_name = {
	ideology = democratic
	name = FIN_communism_party
	long_name = FIN_communism_party_long
}

recruit_character = FIN_franz_albert_seyn
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_stakhovich
recruit_character = RUS_nikolai_nekrasov

#recruit_character = FIN_carl_gustaf_mannerheim
recruit_character = FIN_oskari_tokoi
recruit_character = FIN_emil_nestor_setala
recruit_character = FIN_pehr_evind_svinhufvud
recruit_character = FIN_kullervo_manner

recruit_character = FIN_kaarlo_juho_stahlberg
recruit_character = FIN_fredrik_kaarle_i

recruit_character = FIN_juhani_arajarvi
recruit_character = FIN_juho_kusti_paasikivi
recruit_character = FIN_kaarlo_castren
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_ingman
recruit_character = FIN_joho_vennola
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_malmberg
recruit_character = FIN_nikolai_mexmontan
recruit_character = FIN_martin_wetzer
recruit_character = FIN_onni_talas
recruit_character = FIN_otto_stenroth
recruit_character = FIN_carl_seber
recruit_character = FIN_johan_allan_hygerth
recruit_character = FIN_ernst_linder
recruit_character = FIN_ernst_lofstrom
recruit_character = FIN_hannes_ignatius
recruit_character = FIN_hans_kalm
recruit_character = FIN_karl_fredrik_wilkama
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_petter_nenonen

#Reds
recruit_character = FIN_antti_liviranta
recruit_character = FIN_otto_wille_kuusinen
recruit_character = FIN_emil_elo
recruit_character = FIN_jussi_lumivuokko
recruit_character = FIN_konsta_lindqvist
recruit_character = FIN_matti_turkia
recruit_character = FIN_edvard_gylling
recruit_character = FIN_yrjo_sirola
recruit_character = FIN_jalo_kohonen
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_letonmaki
recruit_character = FIN_adolf_taimi
recruit_character = FIN_eero_haapalainen
recruit_character = FIN_evert_eloranta
recruit_character = FIN_eino_rahja
recruit_character = FIN_ali_aaltonen
recruit_character = FIN_verner_lehtimaki
recruit_character = FIN_august_wesley

set_technology = {
	#infantry
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1

	#support
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1

	#armor
	

	#artillery
	early_artillery = 1
	basic_field_gun = 1

	#doctrine
	ww1_landdoctrine = 1

	#navy
	transport = 1

	#air
	scout_plane = 1
	airship = 1

	#engineering
	electrical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	mechanical_engineering = 1
	aircraft_engine = 1
	generator_battery = 1
	basic_train = 1
    basic_railways = 1
    construction0 = 1
    powder_type_b = 1

}
1910.1.1 = {
	load_focus_tree = empty_focus
	country_lock_all_division_template = yes
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1909.1.2"
		election_frequency = 24
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 0
		communism = 5
		democratic = 25
		neutrality = 70
	}
}
add_ideas = {
	disarmed_nation
	FIN_sotilasmiljoonat
	sisu
}

1914.1.1 = {
	add_political_power = 1198
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1913.7.1"
		election_frequency = 36
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
}