capital = 716

give_military_access = RUS #Chinese Eastern Railway 


# Zhang Clique
recruit_character = FNG_zhang_zuolin
recruit_character = FNG_zhang_xueliang
recruit_character = FNG_zhang_zuoxiang
recruit_character = FNG_zhang_zongchang
recruit_character = FNG_bao_guiqing
recruit_character = FNG_li_jinglin
recruit_character = FNG_bao_wenyue 
recruit_character = FNG_ma_longtan
recruit_character = FNG_wan_fulin
recruit_character = FNG_jiang_dengxuan
recruit_character = FNG_sun_liechen
recruit_character = FNG_guo_xipeng

# Canmou Clique
recruit_character = FNG_guo_songling
recruit_character = FNG_xu_yuanquan
recruit_character = FNG_ma_zhanshan
recruit_character = FNG_feng_zhanhai

# Shikan Clique
recruit_character = FNG_yang_yuting
recruit_character = FNG_zhang_jinghui
recruit_character = FNG_zhang_haipeng
recruit_character = FNG_wu_junsheng
recruit_character = FNG_yu_zhishan
recruit_character = FNG_zang_shiyi
recruit_character = FNG_ji_jinchun

# Former Qing Royalist
recruit_character = FNG_tang_yulin
recruit_character = FNG_jixing

# Foreign
recruit_character = FNG_date_junnosuke
recruit_character = FNG_konstantin_nechayev


recruit_character = FNG_liu_zhendong
recruit_character = FNG_wang_shuchang
recruit_character = FNG_xing_shilian
recruit_character = FNG_liu_zhennian
recruit_character = FNG_baoding_military_academy
recruit_character = FNG_northeast_military_academy
recruit_character = FNG_baoding_aviation_academy

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1910.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	fascism = 0
	communism = 0
	democratic = 0
	neutrality = 100
}

add_ideas = {
	isolation
	limited_exports
	MAN_banditry
	CHI_FNG_idea_backward_industry
	CHI_FNG_idea_regionalist_sentiment
	CHI_idea_manchu_ethnic_problem
}

set_technology = {
	#infantry
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	#artillery
	gw_artillery = 1
	#doctrine
	ww1_landdoctrine = 1

	#engineering
	electrical_engineering = 1
	mechanical_engineering = 1
}

set_country_flag = MAN_northern_bandits
set_country_flag = MAN_eastern_bandits
set_country_flag = MAN_western_bandits