capital = 282

set_fuel_ratio = 0.20
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.3
set_war_support = 0.7
set_convoys = 300
set_major = yes

# Anglo-Japanese Alliance
give_guarantee = ENG
add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = JAP
	modifier = anglo_japanese_alliance
}

set_autonomy = {
	target = KOR
	autonomous_state = autonomy_wtt_imperial_protectorate
}

recruit_character = JAP_mutsuhito

recruit_character = JAP_yamagata_aritomo
recruit_character = JAP_tokugawa_iesato
recruit_character = JAP_toyama_mitsuru

recruit_character = JAP_hamaguchi_osachi

recruit_character = JAP_yoshihito
recruit_character = JAP_hirohito

recruit_character = JAP_kotoku_shusui
recruit_character = JAP_sakai_toshihiko

recruit_character = JAP_fushimi_hiroyasu
recruit_character = JAP_kaminura_hikonojo
recruit_character = JAP_togo_heihachiro
recruit_character = JAP_hasegawa_yoshimichi
recruit_character = JAP_oku_yasukata
recruit_character = JAP_ijuin_goro
recruit_character = JAP_fukushima_yasumasa
recruit_character = JAP_oyama_iwao
recruit_character = JAP_katsura_taro
recruit_character = JAP_kamio_mitsuomi
recruit_character = JAP_kawamura_kageaki
recruit_character = JAP_tamemoto_kuroki
recruit_character = JAP_haraguchi_kensai
recruit_character = JAP_ueda_arisawa
recruit_character = JAP_nagaoka_gaishi
recruit_character = JAP_uehara_yusaku
recruit_character = JAP_yamanashi_hanzo
recruit_character = JAP_yui_mitsue
recruit_character = JAP_otani_kikuzo
recruit_character = JAP_dewa_shigeto
recruit_character = JAP_inoue_yoshika
recruit_character = JAP_kataoka_shichiro
recruit_character = JAP_kato_sadakichi
recruit_character = JAP_uryu_sotokichi
recruit_character = JAP_uehara_yosaku
recruit_character = JAP_hara_takashi
recruit_character = JAP_goto_shinpei
recruit_character = JAP_yasuda_zenjiro
recruit_character = JAP_makino_nobuaki
recruit_character = JAP_takahashi_korekiyo
recruit_character = JAP_murakami_kakuichi
recruit_character = JAP_terauchi_masatake
recruit_character = JAP_sakatani_yoshio
recruit_character = JAP_kaninnomiya_kotohito
recruit_character = JAP_takeji_nara
recruit_character = JAP_tokugawa_yoshitoshi
recruit_character = JAP_kigoshi_yasutsuna
recruit_character = JAP_shirakawa_yoshinori
recruit_character = JAP_tanaka_giichi
recruit_character = JAP_kato_tomosaburo
recruit_character = JAP_saionji_kinmochi
recruit_character = JAP_oka_ichinosuke
recruit_character = JAP_inoue_ikutaro
recruit_character = JAP_hino_kumazo
recruit_character = JAP_saito_makoto
recruit_character = JAP_okuma_shigenobu
recruit_character = JAP_kusunose_yukihiko
recruit_character = JAP_kanji_ishiwara
recruit_character = JAP_shigeru_honjo

recruit_character = JAP_takarabe_takeshi
recruit_character = JAP_yashiro_rokuro
recruit_character = JAP_ishii_kikujiro
recruit_character = JAP_arahata_kanson

recruit_character = JAP_kijiro_nambu

1910.1.1 = {
	oob = "JAP_1910"

	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		bicycle_infantry = 1
		machine_guns = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#artillery
		early_artillery = 1
		basic_field_gun = 1
		
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		generator_battery = 1
		basic_train = 1
		basic_railways = 1
   		construction0 = 1
		powder_type_b = 1
		narrow_gauge_railway = 1
		
	}

	add_breakthrough_progress = {
		specialization = specialization_naval
		value = 0.8
	}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1908.5.15"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 28
		fascism = 10
		communism = 0
		neutrality = 62
	}

	add_ideas = {
		state_shintoism
		JAP_zaibatsus
		idea_naval_arms_race
	}
	activate_advisor = JAP_yamagata_aritomo

	if = {
		limit = {
			NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		}

		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1910_naval_legacy"

		set_technology = {
			early_submarine = 1
			torpedo_boats = 1
			gunboats = 1
			early_destroyer = 1
			basic_destroyer = 1
			protected_cruiser = 1
			early_light_cruiser = 1
			basic_light_cruiser = 1
			early_armored_cruiser = 1
			basic_armored_cruiser = 1
			ironclads = 1
			pre_dreadnoughts = 1
			early_battleship = 1
			basic_battleship = 1
			transport = 1
		}

		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kawachi Class"
			type = battleship_1
			design_team = mio:JAP_yokosuka_naval_arsenal_organization
			parent_version = 0
		}
		ENG = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Fuji Class"
				type = battleship_0
				parent_version = 0
				design_team = mio:ENG_armstrong_whitworth_organization
				obsolete = yes
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Shikishima Class"
				type = battleship_0		
				parent_version = 0
				design_team = mio:ENG_armstrong_whitworth_organization
				obsolete = yes
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Katori Class"
				type = battleship_0
				parent_version = 0
				design_team = mio:ENG_armstrong_whitworth_organization
				obsolete = yes
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Satsuma Class"
			type = battleship_0
			design_team = mio:JAP_yokosuka_naval_arsenal_organization
			parent_version = 0
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ibuki Class"
			type = armored_cruiser_1
			design_team = mio:JAP_kure_naval_arsenal_organization
			parent_version = 0
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tsukuba Class"
			type = armored_cruiser_1
			design_team = mio:JAP_kure_naval_arsenal_organization
			parent_version = 0
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Asama Class"
			type = armored_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Izumo Class"
			type = armored_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Yakumo Class"
			type = armored_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Azuma Class"
			type = armored_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Naniwa Class"
			type = light_cruiser_0
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Chiyoda Class"
			type = light_cruiser_0
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Matsushima Class"
			type = light_cruiser_0
			parent_version = 0
			design_team = mio:JAP_yokosuka_naval_arsenal_organization
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Akitsushima Class"
			type = light_cruiser_0
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Suma Class"
			type = light_cruiser_0
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kasagi Class"
			type = light_cruiser_0
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Niitaka Class"
			type = light_cruiser_0
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Otowa Class"
			type = light_cruiser_0
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Yodo Class"
			type = light_cruiser_0
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		ENG = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Esmeralda Class"
				type = light_cruiser_0
				design_team = mio:ENG_armstrong_whitworth_organization
				parent_version = 0
				obsolete = yes
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tatsuta Class"
			type = gunboat
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Chihaya Class"
			type = gunboat
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Maya Class"
			type = gunboat
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Uji Class"
			type = gunboat
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		#Destroyers
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Umikaze Class"
			type = destroyer_2
			parent_version = 0
			design_team = mio:JAP_maizuru_naval_arsenal_organization
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ikazuchi Class"
			type = destroyer_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Murakumo Class"
			type = destroyer_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Akatsuki Class"
			type = destroyer_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Shirakumo Class"
			type = destroyer_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Harusame Class"
			type = destroyer_1
			parent_version = 0
			design_team = mio:JAP_yokosuka_naval_arsenal_organization
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kamikaze Class"
			type = destroyer_1
			parent_version = 0
			design_team = mio:JAP_yokosuka_naval_arsenal_organization
			obsolete = yes
		}
		#Torpedo Boats
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hayabusa Class"
			type = torpedo_boat
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Shirataka Class"
			type = torpedo_boat
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "No. 21 Class"
			type = torpedo_boat
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "No. 22 Class"
			type = torpedo_boat
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "No. 29 Class"
			type = torpedo_boat
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "No. 39 Class"
			type = torpedo_boat
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "No. 67 Class"
			type = torpedo_boat
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "No. 5 Class"
			type = torpedo_boat
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "No. 15 Class"
			type = torpedo_boat
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "No. 50 Class"
			type = torpedo_boat
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		#Submarines
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Type 1 Class"
			type = submarine_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Type 6 Class"
			type = submarine_1
			parent_version = 0
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ha-1 Class"
			type = submarine_1
			parent_version = 0
		}
	}

	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}

		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1910_naval_mtg"

		set_technology = {
			# Ship Hulls
			# Light Ship Hulls
			torpedo_boat_ship_hull_light = 1
			gunboat_ship_hull_light = 1
			early_ship_hull_light = 1
			basic_ship_hull_light = 1
			
			# Submarine Hulls
			early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			
			# Cruiser Hulls
			victorian_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			improved_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			
			# Heavy Ship Hulls
			ironclad_ship_hull_heavy = 1
			pre_dreadnought_ship_hull_heavy = 1
			early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
			basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
			
			# Engines
			ironclad_coal_engine = 1
			basic_coal_engine = 1
			early_oil_engine = 1
			improved_coal_engine = 1

			# Batteries
			ironclad_artillery = 1
			basic_battery = 1
			basic_light_battery = 1
			basic_medium_battery = 1
			basic_heavy_battery = 1
			
			# Secondaries
			
			basic_secondary_battery = 1
			improved_secondary_battery = 1
			
			# Torpedoes
			early_torpedo_tubes = 1
			basic_torpedo = 1
			improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1

			# Armor
			basic_armored_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
			improved_armored_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
			basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
			
			# Misc
			basic_naval_mines = 1
			
			smoke_generator = 1
			mtg_transport = 1
		}
		# Big ships
		ENG = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Shikishima Class"
				type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
				name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
				design_team = mio:ENG_armstrong_whitworth_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Asahi Class"
				type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
				name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
				design_team = mio:ENG_john_brown_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Mikasa Class"
				type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
				name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
				#design_team = naval vickers
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Katori Class"
				type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
				name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
				design_team = mio:ENG_armstrong_whitworth_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
					front_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
		}
		RUS = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Peresvet Class"
				parent_version = 0
				name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
				type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
				design_team = mio:RUS_baltic_shipyard_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_0
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					front_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Poltava Class"
				parent_version = 0
				name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
				type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
				design_team = mio:RUS_baltic_shipyard_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_0
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					front_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Admiral Ushakov Class"
				parent_version = 0
				name_group = SOV_CA_IMPERIAL
				type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
				icon = GFX_RUS_ship_ushakov
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_coastal_defense_ship
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_0
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_coastal_defense_ship
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
					mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
		}
		USA = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Retvizan Class"
				parent_version = 0
				name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
				type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
				icon = GFX_RUS_ship_retvizan
				design_team = mio:USA_philadelphia_naval_shipyard_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					front_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = { # japans invented battlecruisers, lol
			name = "Tsukuba Class"
			type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
			name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_kure_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ibuki Class - Ibuki"
			type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
			name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_kure_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ibuki Class - Kurama"
			type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
			name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_yokosuka_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2 # test steam turbine
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Satsuma Class"
			type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
			name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_kure_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kawachi Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_yokosuka_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			}
		}
		# Armored Cruisers
		ENG = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Chiyoda Class"
				type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
				name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
				design_team = mio:ENG_john_brown_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_0
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_tb
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_0
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_armored_cruiser_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Asama Class"
				type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
				name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
				design_team = mio:ENG_armstrong_whitworth_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_armored_cruiser_1
					mid_1_custom_slot = empty
					mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Izumo Class"
				type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
				name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
				design_team = mio:ENG_armstrong_whitworth_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_armored_cruiser_1
					mid_1_custom_slot = empty
					mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
		}
		GER = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Yakumo Class"
				type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
				name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
				design_team = mio:GER_vulcan_werke_ag_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_armored_cruiser_1
					mid_1_custom_slot = empty
					mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
		}
		FRA = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Azuma Class"
				type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
				name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_armored_cruiser_1
					mid_1_custom_slot = empty
					mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
		}
		ITA = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Kasuga Class"
				type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
				name_group = JAP_CA_HISTORICAL
				design_team = mio:ITA_ansaldo_navale_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_armored_cruiser_1
					mid_1_custom_slot = empty
					mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				}
			}
		}
		# Protected Cruiser
		ENG = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Naniwa Class"
				type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
				name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
				design_team = mio:ENG_armstrong_whitworth_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_0
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_protected_cruiser_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Akitsushima Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_yokosuka_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_protected_cruiser_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Suma Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_yokosuka_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_protected_cruiser_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		USA = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Kasagi Class"
				type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
				name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
				design_team = mio:USA_philadelphia_naval_shipyard_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_protected_cruiser_2
					mid_1_custom_slot = empty
					mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
					rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Niitaka Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_yokosuka_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_protected_cruiser_2
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Otowa Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_yokosuka_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_protected_cruiser_2
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tone Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_sasebo_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_protected_cruiser_2
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Yodo Class - Yodo"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_kawasaki_shipbuilding_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_0
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_protected_cruiser_2
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Yodo Class - Mogami"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_kawasaki_shipbuilding_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_0
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_protected_cruiser_2
			}
		}
		# Destroyers
		ENG = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Ikazuchi Class"
				type = ship_hull_light_1
				name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
				design_team = mio:ENG_yarrow_shipbuilders_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Murakumo Class"
				type = ship_hull_light_1
				name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Akatsuki Class"
				type = ship_hull_light_1
				name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
				design_team = mio:ENG_yarrow_shipbuilders_organization
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Shirakumo Class"
				type = ship_hull_light_1
				name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Harusame Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_yokosuka_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kamikaze Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		FRA = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Hayabusa Class"
				type = ship_hull_torpedo_boat
				name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
					fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hayabusa Class" # Also Aotaka Class
			type = ship_hull_torpedo_boat
			name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_kure_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Umikaze Class"
			type = ship_hull_light_2
			name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_maizuru_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			}
		}
		USA = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Type 1 Class"
				type = ship_hull_submarine_1
				name_group = JAP_SS_HISTORICAL
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
				}
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Type 6 Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_1
			name_group = JAP_SS_HISTORICAL
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			}
		}
		ENG = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Ha-1 Class"
				type = ship_hull_submarine_1
				name_group = JAP_SS_HISTORICAL
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
				}
			}
		}
	}
}

1914.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1913.3.25"
		election_frequency = 24
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	retire_character = JAP_kotoku_shusui
	retire_character = JAP_mutsuhito
	JAP_yoshihito = {
		promote_character = semi_constitutional_monarchy
		promote_character = stratocracy
		promote_character = conservatism
	}
	set_country_flag = king_death_meiji
	set_global_flag = KOR_105_man_incident
	set_global_flag = KOT_korean_independence_plot_1914
	KOR = {
		transfer_navy = {
			target = JAP
		}
		set_country_flag = korea_is_annexed
		clr_country_flag = protectorate
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
		set_technology = {
			improved_light_battery = 1
		}

		set_naval_oob = "JAP_1914_naval_mtg"
		ENG = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Kongo Class"
				type = ship_hull_heavy_1
				name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
				modules = {
					fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
					fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
					fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
					mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
					mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
					fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
					fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
					fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
				}
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kongo Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_yokosuka_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Fusō Class"
			type = ship_hull_heavy_1
			name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_kure_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Chikuma Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_3
			name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
			design_team = mio:JAP_sasebo_naval_arsenal_organization
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_protected_cruiser_2
			}
		}
	}

	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_diplomatic_effort
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_assert_position_pacific
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_Support_USA
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_Diplomatic_Siam
	complete_national_focus = warrior_traditions_focus
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_ready_country
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_defense_border
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_Japan_Korea_Treaty
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_Japanese_Expansionism
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_Xinhai_Revolution_Opportunity
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_War_in_Europe_Opportunity
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_Pro_French

	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_political_effort
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_support_republic
	complete_national_focus = spiritual_mobilization_focus
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_indoctrination_focus

	complete_national_focus = state_of_the_country_army
	complete_national_focus = modernize_equipment
	complete_national_focus = new_canons
	complete_national_focus = capital_manoeuvers

	unlock_national_focus = naval_experience
	complete_national_focus = improve_destroyer_flotilla
	complete_national_focus = naval_expansion

	complete_national_focus = early_industrialization

	525 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}
	527 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}
	796 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}
	797 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}
	799 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}
	800 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}
	801 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}
	802 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}

}