capital = 41

set_research_slots = 2
set_stability = 0.52
set_convoys = 150

set_country_flag = Scramble_for_Africa

give_guarantee = ADR

#Leaders
recruit_character = SPR_alfonso_xiii
recruit_character = SPR_benito_perez_galdos
recruit_character = SPR_niceto_alcala_zamora
recruit_character = SPR_alejandro_lerroux
recruit_character = SPR_pablo_iglesias
recruit_character = SPR_national_congress
recruit_character = SPR_juan_olazabal

#Generals
recruit_character = SPR_valeriano_weyler
recruit_character = SPR_fernando_primo_de_rivera
recruit_character = SPR_julio_gonzales_parrado
recruit_character = SPR_felipe_alfau_mendoza
recruit_character = SPR_manuel_fernandez_silvestre
recruit_character = SPR_miguel_primo_de_rivera
recruit_character = SPR_ramon_echague
recruit_character = SPR_antonio_tovar_y_marcoleta
recruit_character = SPR_jose_marina_vega
recruit_character = SPR_antero_rubin_homent
recruit_character = SPR_agustin_de_luque_y_coca
recruit_character = SPR_diego_munos_cobo
recruit_character = SPR_angel_aznar_y_butigieg
#Interwar Generals
recruit_character = SPR_damaso_berenguer
recruit_character = SPR_severiano_martinez_anido
recruit_character = SPR_eduardo_lopez_ochoa
recruit_character = SPR_jose_cavalcanti
recruit_character = SPR_miguel_cabanellas
recruit_character = SPR_juan_picasso_gonzalez
recruit_character = SPR_jose_sanjurjo
recruit_character = SPR_francisco_gomez_jordana
recruit_character = SPR_gonzalo_queipo_de_llano
recruit_character = SPR_manuel_goded
#Admirals
recruit_character = SPR_augusto_miranda_y_godoy
recruit_character = SPR_juan_bautista_aznar_cabanas

#High Command
recruit_character = SPR_diego_de_los_rios
recruit_character = SPR_francisco_aguilera_y_egea
recruit_character = SPR_ramon_acha_caamano
recruit_character = SPR_enrique_de_orozco
recruit_character = SPR_jose_pidal_rebollo
recruit_character = SPR_jose_rivera_alvarez_de_canero
recruit_character = SPR_manuel_de_florez_y_carrio
recruit_character = SPR_honorio_cornejo_carvajal
recruit_character = SPR_jose_maria_chacon_pery
recruit_character = SPR_mateo_garcia_de_los_reyes
recruit_character = SPR_luis_aizpuru
recruit_character = SPR_federico_berenguer
#Advisors
recruit_character = SPR_joaquin_ruiz
recruit_character = SPR_alvaro_de_figueroa
recruit_character = SPR_mariano_ordonez
recruit_character = SPR_santiago_alba

#Pretenders to the Spanish throne
##Carlist
recruit_character = SPR_jaime_iii
recruit_character = SPR_alfonso_carlos_i


1910.1.1 = {
	oob = "SPR_1910"

	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1

		#artillery
		early_artillery = 1
		basic_field_gun = 1

		#navy
		transport = 1

		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		basic_train = 1
		basic_railways = 1
		construction0 = 1
		powder_type_b = 1
	}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1910.3.8"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 16
		fascism = 5
		communism = 9
		neutrality = 70
	}

	add_ideas = {
		SPR_backward_economy
		SPR_carlism
		SPR_clericalismo
		SPR_el_desastre_del_98
		SPR_pact_of_cartagena_1907
		limited_conscription
	}
}
1914.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1914.4.9"
		election_frequency = 24
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = state_of_the_country_army
	complete_national_focus = modernize_equipment
	complete_national_focus = capital_manoeuvers
	complete_national_focus = planes_experiments
	complete_national_focus = naval_experience
	complete_national_focus = naval_expansion
	complete_national_focus = early_industrialization
	complete_national_focus = new_roads
	unlock_national_focus = develop_capital
	unlock_national_focus = capital_country_arsenal
	complete_national_focus = open_the_political_sphere

	MRS = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MRS
		autonomy_state = autonomy_tgwr_integrated_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.6
	}
	MRS = {
		set_cosmetic_tag = MOR_1915 #should be later
		give_military_access = MOR
		set_popularities = {
			neutrality = 100
		}
	}
	MOR = { give_guarantee = MRS }
	FRA = { give_guarantee = MRS }	
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}

	set_naval_oob = "SPR_1910_naval_legacy"

	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		torpedo_boats = 1
		gunboats = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		protected_cruiser = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		ironclads = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pelayo Class"
		type = battleship_0
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Emperador Carlos V Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Princesa de Asturias Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Reina Regente Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Estramadura Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Rio de la Plata Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Velasco Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Audaz Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Furor Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "María de Molina Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Temerario Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Azor Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Habana Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Barceló Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Orión Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Acevedo Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}

	set_naval_oob = "SPR_1910_naval_mtg"

	set_technology = {	
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		gunboat_ship_hull_light = 1
        torpedo_boat_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        protected_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		improved_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		ironclad_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		pre_dreadnought_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pelayo Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		#name_group = SPR_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Emperador Carlos V Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = SPR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Princesa de Asturias Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = SPR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Reina Regente Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = SPR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Estramadura Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = SPR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Rio de la Plata Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = SPR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Velasco Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = SPR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Audaz Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Furor Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "María de Molina Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Temerario Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Azor Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Habana Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Barceló Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Orión Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Acevedo Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
}
