capital = 141

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0.10
set_convoys = 25

set_variable = { var = SWE_entente_points value = 1 }
set_variable = { var = SWE_cp_points value = 1 }

recruit_character = SWE_gustaf_v
recruit_character = SWE_gustaf_vi
recruit_character = SWE_elise_ottesen
recruit_character = SWE_hugo_sillen
recruit_character = SWE_zeth_hoglund
recruit_character = SWE_arvid_lindman

recruit_character = SWE_karl_staaff

recruit_character = SWE_hjalmar_hammarskjold
recruit_character = SWE_carl_swartz
recruit_character = SWE_ernst_trygger
recruit_character = SWE_knut_gillis_bildt
recruit_character = SWE_birger_furugard
recruit_character = SWE_sven_hedin

recruit_character = SWE_hjalmar_branting
recruit_character = SWE_louis_de_geer
recruit_character = SWE_oscar_von_sydow
recruit_character = SWE_riksdag

recruit_character = SWE_axel_von_matern
recruit_character = SWE_prins_carl
recruit_character = SWE_oskar_uggla
recruit_character = SWE_carl_axel_nordenskjold
recruit_character = SWE_constantin_fallenius
recruit_character = SWE_emil_morcke
recruit_character = SWE_carl_gustaf_hammarskjold
recruit_character = SWE_wilhelm_dyrssen
recruit_character = SWE_carl_august_ehrensvard
recruit_character = SWE_carl_gustaf_ekman
recruit_character = SWE_albert_ehrensvard
recruit_character = SWE_david_bergstrom
recruit_character = SWE_knut_wallenberg
recruit_character = SWE_berndt_hasselrot
recruit_character = SWE_erik_palmstierna
recruit_character = SWE_erik_af_edholm
recruit_character = SWE_sten_ankarcrona
recruit_character = SWE_lars_tingsten
recruit_character = SWE_karl_amundson
recruit_character = SWE_henning_von_krusenstjerna
recruit_character = SWE_alfred_lagerheim
recruit_character = SWE_ludvig_sidner
recruit_character = SWE_jan_fridegard
recruit_character = SWE_otto_grimlund
recruit_character = SWE_ernst_meyer
recruit_character = SWE_axel_vennersten
recruit_character = SWE_ludvig_douglas
recruit_character = SWE_anton_nilsson
recruit_character = SWE_nils_eden
recruit_character = SWE_fredrik_von_otter
recruit_character = SWE_erik_gustav_bostrom
recruit_character = SWE_christian_lundeberg
recruit_character = SWE_fredrik_frolich
recruit_character = SWE_carl_bennedich
recruit_character = SWE_rudof_kjellen
recruit_character = SWE_otto_jarte
recruit_character = SWE_axel_hultkrantz
recruit_character = SWE_adrian_molin
recruit_character = SWE_prins_wilhelm
recruit_character = SWE_fredrik_vilhelm_thorsson
recruit_character = SWE_harald_hjalmarson

add_ideas = {
	SWE_christian_lundeberg
	
	SWE_threat_of_famine	# unprepared for war
	SWE_unofficial_parliamentalism
	SWE_conservative_army_leadership
	#SWE_visteskola
}


1910.1.1 = {
	oob = "SWE_1910"
	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		#armored
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		howitzer1 = 1
		#doctrine
		#navy
		transport = 1
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		basic_train = 1
        	airship = 1
	}
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1908.9.10"
		election_frequency = 36
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 65
		fascism = 0
		communism = 2
		neutrality = 33
	}
	add_ideas = {
		SWE_gustaf_v
		SWE_class_conflict
		#SWE_high_emigration_3
		SWE_memories_of_strike_of_nine
	}
}

add_dynamic_modifier = {
	modifier = SWE_emigration_problem
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_emigration_monthly_population
	value = -0.54
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_emigration_stability_factor
	value = 0
}
add_dynamic_modifier = {
	modifier = SWE_svenska_varnplikten
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_mil_mobilization_speed
	value = -0.10
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_mil_training_time_factor
	value = 0.15
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_mil_industrial_capacity_factory
	value = -0.05
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_mil_industrial_capacity_dockyard
	value = 0.0
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_mil_experience_gain_army_factor
	value = -0.20
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_mil_experience_gain_army_unit_factor
	value = -0.10
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_mil_army_defence_factor
	value = 0.10
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_mil_army_attack_factor
	value = -0.20
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_mil_infantry_attack_factor
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_mil_infantry_defence_factor
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_mil_army_core_defence_factor
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_mil_acclimatization_cold_climate_gain_factor
	value = 0.05
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_mil_max_planning_factor
	value = 0.05
}
set_variable = {
	var = SWE_mil_planning_speed
	value = -0.25
}

1914.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1911.9.10"
		election_frequency = 36
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	
	retire_character = SWE_christian_lundeberg	# Died in 1911
	
	set_global_flag = kis_olympicgames
	
	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	
	add_stability = -0.2
	
	SWE_harald_hjalmarson = {
		set_nationality = PER
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		victorian_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	}

	set_naval_oob = "SWE_1910_naval_mtg"
	
	# Coastal Defense
	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Äran Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SWE_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Oscar II Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SWE_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dristigethen Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SWE_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1	# Mainly to represent higher firepower
		}
		#obsolete = yes	# Evoltuion of Oden Class
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Oden Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SWE_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Svea Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SWE_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fylgia Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = NOR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Örnen Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = NOR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Light Cruisers
	# Mine Sweeper (unlocked by tech)
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sökaren Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_3
		name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_sweeper_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hugin Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ragnar Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Wale Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Mode Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Plejad Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Komet Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Gondul Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 79 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Agne Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bygve Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Narf Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Galdr Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Blink Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Submarine
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Delfinen Class"	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_3
		name_group = SWE_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = no
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Undertvattensbaten No. 2 Class"	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SWE_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hvalen Class"	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SWE_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hajen Class"	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SWE_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
	}

	set_naval_oob = "SWE_1910_naval_legacy"

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Äran Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Oscar II Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dristigethen Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Oden Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Svea Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fylgia Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Örnen Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hugin Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ragnar Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Wale Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Mode Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Plejad Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Komet Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Gondul Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Undervattensbaten Class"
		type = submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hvalen Class"
		type = submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hajen Class"
		type = submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
}
