capital = 614
oob = CHI_warlord

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = ZHC_qi_xieyuan
recruit_character = ZHC_wu_peifu
recruit_character = ZHC_sun_chuanfang
recruit_character = ZHC_li_chun
recruit_character = ZHC_wang_zhanyuan
recruit_character = ZHC_feng_yuhsiang
recruit_character = ZHC_song_zheyuan
recruit_character = ZHC_lu_zhonglin
recruit_character = ZHC_wang_chengbin
recruit_character = ZHC_yan_xiangwen
recruit_character = ZHC_liu_xun
recruit_character = ZHC_peng_shouxin
recruit_character = ZHC_sun_yue
recruit_character = ZHC_zhang_shaozeng 
recruit_character = ZHC_zhang_qihuang
recruit_character = ZHC_zhang_guorong
recruit_character = ZHC_liu_menggeng
recruit_character = ZHC_xiao_yaonan
recruit_character = ZHC_zhao_ti
recruit_character = ZHC_chen_tiaoyuan
recruit_character = ZHC_fang_benren
recruit_character = ZHC_zhou_yinren
recruit_character = ZHC_du_xijin
recruit_character = ZHC_xiong_bingqi
recruit_character = ZHC_yu_xuezhong
recruit_character = ZHC_tang_zaili
recruit_character = ZHC_dong_zhengguo
recruit_character = ZHC_zhang_fulai
recruit_character = ZHC_ruan_zhaochang
recruit_character = ZHC_xie_hongxun
recruit_character = ZHC_meng_zhaoyue
recruit_character = ZHC_ma_yuren
recruit_character = ZHC_deng_ruzhuo
recruit_character = ZHC_li_jichen
recruit_character = ZHC_li_bingzhi
recruit_character = ZHC_lu_jin
recruit_character = ZHC_cao_ying
recruit_character = ZHC_lu_xiangting
recruit_character = ZHC_lin_wei
recruit_character = ZHC_cao_wanshun
recruit_character = ZHC_baoding_military_academy
recruit_character = ZHC_baoding_aviation_academy
recruit_character = ZHC_nanking_naval_academy
recruit_character = ZHC_luoyang_military_academy

ZHC_xie_hongxun = {
	set_character_flag = unit_leader_can_be_KIA
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1910.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	fascism = 0
	communism = 0
	democratic = 0
	neutrality = 100
}

add_ideas = {
	isolation
	limited_exports
}

set_technology = {
	#infantry
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	#artillery
	gw_artillery = 1
	#doctrine
	ww1_landdoctrine = 1

	#engineering
	electrical_engineering = 1
	mechanical_engineering = 1
	basic_train = 1
    basic_railways = 1
    construction0 = 1
    powder_type_b = 1
        
}
